Passes
How much does it cost to buy an Indego Pass?

Indego offers the following passes:  

Indego30 costs $17 per 30 days. It provides unlimited free trips lasting one hour or less. After the first hour of any trip, the cost is $4 per additional hour. 

Indego365 costs $156 per year. It provides unlimited free trips lasting one hour or less. After the first hour of any trip, the cost is $4 per additional hour. 

Indego30 Access and Indego365 Access Passes work just like the Indego30 and Indego365 passes and are available at a discounted rate to Pennsylvania ACCESS Card Holders. The Indego30 Access Pass costs $5 per 30 days and the Indego365 Access Pass costs $48 per year. Both Access pass types provide unlimited free trips lasting one hour or less. After the first hour of any trip, the cost is just $2 per additional hour. 

IndegoFlex costs $10 per year. It provides unlimited trips at $4 per hour. 

Each trip starts the moment a bike is pulled out of a dock and ends when it has been properly returned to any dock. 

More information about pricing is available on our pricing page. 
Can I ride without purchasing a pass online?

Yes. You can get a Day Pass for $10 for unlimited 30 minute trips in a 24-hour period from any station kiosk. Trips longer than 30 minutes cost an additional $4 per 30 minutes. You can also purchase a Day Pass online.
I’ve purchased a pass. How soon can I ride?

All passes purchased with a credit or debit card can be used immediately. All Indego365, Indego365 Access, and Indego30 Access Passholders will automatically receive an Indego key in the mail within approximately 7 business days. Indego30 Passholders can purchase a key for $5 at sign-up. Until you receive your key or if you do not have a key, you can use the cell phone number, credit card, or debit card associated with your account to check out a bike.

Tap any kiosk screen, then select “Start.” On the next screen select “Check out bike,” then “I have a pass” and follow the onscreen prompts to look up your account.

If you have purchased an Indego30 or Access Pass with cash, you will be able to use your pass after you make your first payment. Your pass should be active within 15 minutes after you make a payment. You can use the same steps above to look up your account using the cell phone number associated with your account.
When does my pass period begin?

The 24-hour pass period for the Day Pass starts when you take your first trip. 

Your pass period starts immediately upon sign up for all other pass types.
How do usage fees work?

With all riding options, usage fees function as a flat rate. There is no prorated billing. This means you will get charged $2 or $4 regardless of whether you ride for an extra 5 minutes or an extra 30.

Indego30 and Indego365 passes: Unlimited free rides of up to an hour. Each additional hour, or portion thereof, gets billed at a $4 flat rate.

Indego30 Access and Indego365 Access passes: Unlimited free rides of up to an hour. Each additional hour, or portion thereof, gets billed at a $2 flat rate.

IndegoFlex pass: Each trip up to an hour is $4. A trip is defined as each time a bike is checked out and returned to a dock. Each additional hour, or portion thereof, gets billed at a $4 flat rate.

Day Pass: Unlimited free rides of up to 30 minutes. Each additional 30 minutes, or portion thereof, gets billed at a $4 flat rate.

For Day Passes purchased at the kiosk, a rider’s credit card or debit card will be pre-authorized for sufficient funds prior to receiving a bicycle to insure against any additional usage fees that might be incurred. This is not a settled charge, but if you use a debit card to purchase a trip, it may result in overdraft fees if you don’t have sufficient funds in your account to cover the pre-authorization. For this reason, we recommend using a credit card when purchasing a pass at the kiosk. Pre-authorization charges can be avoided by signing up for a Day Pass online.
How often is my card charged?

Pass fees are charged when registration occurs and will automatically recur monthly or annually, depending on your pass type, until the pass is canceled.

Indego30 & Indego30 Access Passes will have any usage fees charged to their card at the end of each 30-day period. Cash-paying users will have any usage fees added to their next month’s payment.

Indego365, Indego365 Access, & IndegoFlex Passes will have any usage fees incurred during the previous month charged to their card on or near the 1st of every month. IndegoFlex passes automatically renew each year until the pass is canceled.
How do I switch my pass type?

If you would like to switch from Indego30 to Indego365, login to your Indego account and select “Switch to Indego365.” Confirm your payment method and new pass type and click “Renew pass.” Your new pass type will take effect as soon as your current pass expires!

If you are interested in switching to any other pass type, we’re happy to help! Please give our customer service team a call at 844-446-3346.
How do I cancel my pass?

You can cancel or suspend your pass anytime by logging into your Indego account and clicking “Cancel Pass”. Doing so will prevent the pass from renewing automatically at the end of the current pass period. You will still be able to use your pass for the duration of your current pass period. Keep your Indego key in case you decide to re-enroll later to avoid a $5 key replacement charge.
